You're almost ready to use your new model.
All you have left to do is
compute the accuracy metric.
To evaluate your model,
you want to start by passing the test
sets through it to get your predictions.
Then compute the arg max or
the points where your function reaches
its maximum, across the prediction array.
You'll also need to make sure your
arrays are padded using the PAT token,
which makes your arrays the same length.
At last,
compare the outputs against your test
labels to see how accurate your model is.
This is how those operations
might look in Python and NumPy.
Note that the arg max function
takes an access parameter.
To indicate this accurately, you'll need
to consider the dimensions of your array.
Here it's set to 2.
The mask variable is where you identify
any token IDs you need to
skip over during evaluation.
One token you might want
to skip is your PAT token.
Think about how you might
write this quickly and simply.
Finally, the accuracy metric is computed
by taking the sum of all your test labels,
and dividing it by the sum
of all your mask tokens.
Nice, that's right, no?
You've now reached
the conclusion of this week.
Congratulations, and remember,
when you pad your tokens,
you should mask them
before computing accuracy.
Now you're able to process your data,
generate it in batches, and test it for
accuracy.
You should have everything you need for
the coding assignments.
Best of luck with the assignments,
and remember to have fun.